You know, we’ve been talking
about times when our loyalty
has been put to the test
and not to put you on the spot,
but didn’t you have an experience?
Mhm.
I did, and I don’t mind sharing.
It was when I was
at that office job in the city.
It was just coffee as usual.
Karen, we’re making some coffee.
Did you want some?
Oh, I’d love it.
The good stuff, right?
Oh, yes!
Thanks.
Boy, I can smell it.
And somebody brought treats.
It’s wonderful, thank you.
Yeah.
So how are things going . . .
But this time she started telling me
about her problems at home.
So John, he got a text message
from his ex-girlfriend.
No!
That must be very hard for you.
Yeah, it is.
You know, there are some things in the Bible
that have helped me in my marriage
that I would love to show you.
I was excited about the chance
to give a witness.
Hey, good morning.
Is that for me?
I know how you like it.
From time to time, we talked;
we kept the conversations brief.
And that was it.
Hey!
But over time, the conversations grew.
And husbands and family
were often the hot topic.
And everyone had a viewpoint.
You know, if I may, there are some things
in the Scriptures that I think  . . .
I still thought I could give a witness
and actually teach them something
about Jehovah.
Oh, no, um, honey, it doesn’t work like that.
Sorry, Karen.
Too much information, right?
You know . . .
But in reality, I was the one being taught.
And I was a quick learner.
I was sure their thinking
wasn’t rubbing off on me
until one day when Robert called.
The girls knew that Robert and I had
had a small disagreement that morning.
And he was calling to apologize,
although some of it was my fault.
Karen, did you want to get a little coffee?
Oh, it’s him.
If you don’t want to talk to him now,
then don’t.
Besides, it sounds like he could use
a little silent treatment.
I couldn’t believe the effect
the association was having
on my attitude and my marriage.
But what could you do?
You worked with them every day,
and you were able to give
a witness sometimes.
But I had let it turn into regular,
unnecessary association
that was spoiling my useful habits.
And that had to change.
I started keeping things friendly
but professional.
I was more cautious, as I would be
if they had invited me out
or if a male coworker
had invited me to join him for a break.
Hmm.
So did that work?
It did, and I was so relieved.
And so was I.
Jehovah gave us the good morals
and habits that we have.
Exposing myself to bad association
was being disloyal to him.
When I think how far
we are now into the  . . .
How is it out there?
It’s not good.
It won’t be long—maybe an hour.
Is Kevin with you?
He said that he’s not coming;
that he doesn’t want to have anything
to do with us anymore.
How sad.
Now, this far into the great tribulation.